that I like. We're aboard the U. S s life had a sewer. Don't. I was the
simmering surface warfare officer, too. And we were on the way in.
Wave over a bridge, one on Celeste rupture. It ruptured, right at a
point where, in the latest X rays, we had what was noticed as Marcus
tears in the fire in your heart of massive tire. So basically entire
ship and wait, it is. Well, I was not very comfortable doing that
because we had to go into the dry dock, use and replace the solar.
So we were off line for a mission of warfare for, uh, 85 days trying
to get the sword dome out out, replaced. They're doing an inspection.
They're trying to figure out who's responsible. Okay, so I was all
time in my career. Points, I can tell you is I had er well documented.
Tear in Seoul are noted everywhere, and I see said, Well, there
happened where? You know Ben, 10 phones noticed, noted it logs. So
therefore, you know, active God, it fat. I couldn't wash that could've
thrown drum me out of it. Said it was all my fault. But since I had
the foresight to look at it, notice it and say, Hey, wasn't prepared
in the previous upgrade. You know, I got lucky on that road, so
I knew I knew the strengths, weaknesses, threats to my